
1) Lock in dates for next PI planning Oct 1-2 - 
    a) Ask the project managers to organize call with squad leads on: 
        - Status of the 3Q plans 
        - New backlog items they feel are high priority 
    b) Does ZLC have any updated views on prior themes? 
        - Research on globalization? Sizing of effort
        - Increased focus on automated testing - include in code check in process? 
    c) Do we want to try another survey? or defer to OMP Zowe event? (See next item) 
        - If we want survey - who to own? 
        - Survey Monkey via OMP should work - need to obtain edit authority from John M - worked well 
        last time using LastPass service 

2) Need to close on https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/210 - for 3Q OMP event - some different views on 
what we want the frequency and duration to be. 

Let's close on this - we are late in getting back to the OMP - Joe Devlin has expressed willingness to 
present but light on specifics - who can be Plan B? 

Details:

    Will Kick-off in October, tentative Wed Oct 14, 11:30 EST
    Will then reoccur 2nd Weds of the middle month in the next quarter (Feb 10th) --, 11:30 EST
    Will be limited to 45 minutes....60 mins? 
    Will be recorded
    Will be able to conduct short polls / surveys during the meeting
    OMP will post to YouTube and can transcribe as a Blog Post
    Chris will add to OMP Webinar Calendar and will announce at OMS

3) Did anyone get back to Mae? 

Request from Mae: I’m preparing a news package for Open Mainframe Summit 
(hopefully, you all are already registered!) and wanted to check in to see if 
Zowe had any new updates or milestones that we should include in the press release. 
 
Please let me know if you have anything by EOD Friday, August 21. 

Do we use the Summit to kick off the Zowe Webinar series? 

4) Proposed creation of the TSC: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/183 - let's get this moving. Discuss
for today 

5) Mini-ZLC working session on Support Conformance Criteria will need to be rescheduled 

6) SHARE - See emails on the logistics of joining the call(s) .....



And any other topics folks want to bring up......

