
1) Quick sync up on SHARE - not all of you were necessarily on cc of email I sent. Here's what I propose 
What I propose: 

        Session 27719 - The Latest News to Exploit Zowe in Products or Your Enterprise Part 1 of 3 

        Updated abstract: Journey to the Zowe (A story about Zowe App development) and New Conformance - 
        This session will walk through the rationale of using Zowe as infrastructure for a product. 
        Also related, there is a new Zowe V1 Conformance program - we will explain how to subject your application, 
        REST API or other extension for conformance and the value of obtaining the conformance badge. 
        Presenters 
        - Joe W and Ulf Heinrich (SOFTWARE ENGINEERING GmbH) - 20 mins 
        - Rose - 20 mins Zowe Onboarding and Conformance  

        Session  28212- “The Latest News to Exploit Zowe in Products or Your Enterprise Part 2 of 3” 

        Zowe z/OS extensions patterns -  Zowe is designed from the ground up to be an extensible platform that others 
        can plug their own z/OS API services, CLI plug ins  and web user interfaces into. This talk will cover the different 
        patterns and the vision to create a Zowe marketplace by which vendors and others can deliver Zowe conformant z/OS plugins providing APIs or 
        desktop plugins.  Zowe CLI brings several possibilities to automate tasks, create scripts and easily interact with our systems. What about if 
        you could create your own plugin for it!? Let's understand how everything happens behind the scene and create your first plugin. This talk will be useful to anyone building Zowe z/OS extensions as well as anyone deploying z/OS extensions or wishing to build Zowe z/OS extensions,
        Presenters 
        - Dan and Joe W - can you share a 40 min slot on extensions and plug ins 

        Session 28213  “The Latest News to Exploit Zowe in Products or Your Enterprise Part 3 of 3” 

        Zowe 2020 - summary of what we've accomplished and Zowe directions. The open community conducted a planning 
        session to describe 2H2020 priorities. We will review these directions and encourage participation in the community. 

        Presenters: 
        - Bruce and Sujay? or Peter? 
        - Petr or his delegate? if we add API ML topic ......

2) I set a reminder to discuss zowe.org updates - I see https://www.zowe.org/download.html has changed - do we plan to include Zowe Explorer on the
home page? 

3) Let's run through issues https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues and decide what items we want to address in 3Q. I would like to discuss holding 
some working sessions to work through issues 
