
1) Sync up on SHARE sessions recording 
  Part 1 - Conformance and Customer Journey (Segus/Software Engineering GmbH) - slides complete recording pending
      Rose and Roy Boxwell as speakers 
      Joe and Bruce as additional (silent) speakers on session 
      
  Part 2 - Extensions (Dan, Joe and Sean?) - if we could nail down abstract and speakers for submission to Share and 
  Zowe z/OS extensions patterns -  Zowe is designed from the ground up to be an extensible platform that others can plug their own z/OS API services, 
  CLI plug ins  and web user interfaces into. This talk will cover the different patterns and the vision to create a Zowe marketplace by which vendors 
  and others can deliver Zowe conformant z/OS plugins providing APIs or desktop plugins.  Zowe CLI brings several possibilities to automate tasks, 
  create scripts and easily interact with our systems. 
  What about if you could create your own plugin for it!? Let's understand how everything happens behind the scene and create your first plugin. 
  This talk will be useful to 
  anyone building Zowe z/OS extensions as well as anyone deploying z/OS extensions or wishing to build Zowe z/OS extensions. 
  
  Part 3 - Zowe 2020 - Peter, Bruce and Mike D to speak - slides complete - recording Thursday 
  
2) Agree to target a 3Q webinar? Create a ZLC issue - Work with OMP for hosting - use this as additional update on Zowe and include ZSS (Joe Devlin) topic we did not
have time to include in SHARE sessions

3) Brief update on Marist 
    - They are willing to help with a series of "snap shot" backup (not incremental) 
    - Performance testing to be coordinated for early Sunday mornings when system workload low 
    - Willing to help provide us zLinux instance for Docker testing 
    - More research needed on HA testing - is a coupling facitlity needed? Can one be defined at Marist via "LAPR creation" but who does the work is TBD 
    
4) We can run through open issues (if there are any updates or new ones) 

5) Where do we start on ZLC work items? TSC, Vendor Support Conformance?, Other? 
    In 1.14 I am told "finger print" will be delivered - I think ZLC needs some education on how it works? This is a piece of vendors being able to 
    know the Zowe distribution is genuine - do we schedule some education? 
    
6) Any other topics? 
  
