01/18/22

Agenda items

1) Review actions from last week minutes
   (These will each be covered as part of the list of agenda topics)
  - Availability of V2 Server-Side Technical Preview (Sean?)
  - Readiness for V2 LTS Server-side (Sean?)
  - Staffing and Leadership for ChatOps (Bruce)
  - New doc issue for MFA - remaining vendor neutral (Mike)
  - New doc issue for ZAC - featuring compatibles vendor offerings (Mike)
  - PI Planning Business Context (Mike, Bruce, Peter)
  - Analysis of Survey Results (Rose, Onboarding Squad)
  
2) Initiatives updates
     
  a) Preparing for Zowe V2 - 
     i. When do we think we can have the server side ready for LTS?
     ii. Do we need to shift additional capacity to help?
     iii. When will we have a working V2 technical preview for extenders?
     iv. Office hours Jan 12 featured API ML
     v. Next office hours Jan 19 features Zowe Explorer
     vi. Press release?
     vii. Obstacles?
          
  b) ChatOps - 
     i. Staffing and leadership? (Still waiting on names from Bruce)
     ii. Onboarding the technology?
     iii. Update the slide deck (Bruce/Mike)
     iv. Other actions?
     
  c) Remaining Vendor-Neutral - 
     i. Zowe MFA documentation explicitly calls out IBM Z Multi-Factor Authentication.  
        Last week we agreed to:
        - update the documentation to be ABSOLUTELY clear that Zowe does not endorse or validate commercial offerings (https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/1963)
        - figure out how to enable vendors to feature compatible solutions that don't align with the conformance program (https://github.com/zowe/zac/issues/237)
        - explore possibilities for creating a test environment inclusive of those commercial offerings
        
   d) PI Planning
      i. As of Jan 11 there is no plan to alter the PI Planning schedule
      ii. Will revisit after we have a better idea about V2 LTS readiness
      iii. ZAC Business context
           Bruce, Mike and Peter met to discuss content for the presentation:
           - Zowe Statistics
           - Focus on V2
           - Zowe Chat
           - Up and Running
           - Need for Decision on Stale Incubators
           - 21PI4 Accomplishments
            
   e)  Survey?
     i. Analyze results (onboarding squad?)
     ii. Present results (ZAC or TSC)
   
   f) Quarterly Update
      i. Decision to skip the January quarterly update.
      ii. Need to communicate to the community soon! (Rose?)

3) Review ZAC issues in github

Future agenda items:

© 2022 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
